---
layout: post
title: Week 12 - Open Source Projects in the Business and Project Reflection
---

### Open Source Projects in Business Videos

The video that most intrigued me was the "Lessons Learned from Open Source in Business" especially when Carol Payne and Larry Gritz discussed of how open source affected their career in the film industry. I am growing more of an appreciation for films and especially by how theyre created so the process is very familiar for me. I knew that studios used to have one production company manage an entire film because it was reliable and easier, but now that method has shifted into sending fractions of the film to multiple production studios. What I didn't know was what changed in the industry for them to change approaches. It was really cool hearing how the Open File concept came up in the center of the industry wanting to create films in a more efficient manner. I made a comment in class about it too and that was really cool to learn that open source was a massive factor in this. That was definitely my favorite part of the video to me because it was something that I found incredibly interesting, but the other parts of the video about the lessons people learned from doing open source in business and how most people said that they werent expecting open source to play a massive role in their variety of industries. 


### Project Reflection

So I wanted to go more in detail with what I am doing because it seems like I have been stuck. So the main issue is trying to redo their functionality without javascript. I found a youtube [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjrp1FEHnyA) that shows how to create a fully functioning responsive menu with only css. I used this as my base to complete this issue. What took the longest was going through the code and trying to understand how I can go about it. I went through the entire html, css, and javascript code for that specific component and took notes about what each block of code is. This helped me not only understand what does what, but it showed me some irregularites that what I assumed were unintentional. They had code for stuff that they never used. In fact some html code that was written was intentionally hidden with css and never touched again, not even in the javascript code. I also realized that the component is not similar to that of which they use for their own website. The designs of the component and certain features were either missing or being purposely hidden. The component was very outdated so I made notes on what seemed used and what didn't and whether or not they want me to keep or delete. This was all brought up in our meeting on Friday with the founder of the project and tech lead. I told them I started on actually writing the code using the video but I actually made a mistake. The menu component they used are using button tags on html but the video actually used an input tag so the css functions they use are completely different. Fortunately, the technical lead has created a menu without javascript and she was nice enough to share with me so she sent me the repo. The difference with using buttons is that the menu opens when its being hovered. So I am currently adding the hover functionality on the button. 

I also discussed about other issues I can work on so that I have more contributions and we went over a few issues that I can help with, but if im being honest the issues I thought would be simple required a lot of knowledge on material I have never seen. This is what I have done so far and the reason why no pull requests have been made.  