---
layout: post
title: Week 11 - The Monetization of Open Source, Project Update, and Contributions
---

### Business Models around Open Source

As discussed during class and even included in the slides, open source is NOT a business model. However, business models can be built off of open source. It is actually a growing model for companies to shift towards open source and have become extremely succesful. For me, I was unsure how an open source project can even be profitable because the open-source license essentially says it is available to anyone for free. Our discussion during class as well as reading "The Business of Open Source Software" gave me more insight to what changed that has companies investing into Open Source projects. It seems like each year the popularity for managing businesses around open source is increasing. It makes sense after the licenses became more clear and the opportunities that come with open source is endless. 

It was also interesting to read about the various ways the open source projects are profitable. From add-ons/features to donations. It was more clear after the video featuring Joseph Jacks and Sid Sijbrandij when they discussed their own projects as well as the Open Core model which is a business model for the monetization of commercially produced open-source software. 


### Project Update and Contribution

So currently, I am still working on the same issue as last week. It definitely is a bigger issue because as I said in my previous blog, I wanted to challenge myself and take on more code-heavy issues instead of the more beginner type of issues. I came across a blocker where the code for the component is using javascript, but I am not sure how it connects to the HTML code. My issue revolves around trying to create the component without JavaScript. I have started to already design how it would function and it seems like I would need to touch up on CSS animation. I have also reached out to the technical lead for a 1 on 1 to make sure that I am using the code correctly. I am also using CodePen (recommended to us by the technical lead), but I also realized the components don't look the same on there. They use SCSS which might be the reason why certain animations/looks arent on the screen even though the code is right there. These are all questions I will bring up to him.

I have also tried looking into smaller issues and documentations to contribute to so I can have more contributions under my belt in case the grading is more for quantity than quality. I have also submitted 3-4 individual contributions this last week.
