---
layout: post
title: Week 6:Guest Speaker and The Role Open Source plays in Our Community
---

## Christopher Snider from TidePool

Christopher Snider's presentation this last week was extremely insightful. It was the first time I met someone who had a huge role in an open source platform. He gave us an overview/summary of the problems TidePool is trying to solve and how this project can help so many people affected with Diabetes. It definitely felt more personal to everyone in that room because he is someone diagnosed with Diabetes. You can feel his passion towards this project. Diabetes is a massive part of his life (crazy how he met his spouse because of it) and that his work is also revolved around how to make the lives of those people affected better. 

During his presentation, I found myself thinking how hard the lives of those with Diabetes could become. They have to take so much more into consideration than most people. I also know how expensive insulin in the United States is without insurance. It made me happy knowing there are non-profit projects like TidePool which are out there. The importance of the real-time data they are providing can also be life-changing, highlighting the importance of TidePool as well.

He clearly explained not only the project, but also the business model and strategies that TidePool is currently working towards. Although he is not a software engineer, he was definitely well-versed with the technology that they work with. The team he works with seemed so organized and as passionate as himself. His presentation definitely showed me how far an open-source project could go business-wise, but also how large of an effect it can have on our community.

## Open Effort in our Communities

The presentation Christopher made is such a big example of the presence open source can have especially with communities with certain diseases such as Diabetes. The videos that were shown last week are also a great example of how far open-source can reach. Open efforts seem to target the younger generation and have them use their programming skills along with the open source software available to create something that can affect their interests. It can create a long-term effect for these kids that can flourish to open-source projects being created that can have positive effects in our communities.   