---
layout: post
title: Week 14 - The Presentation of Riju Khatri and Group Progress
---

### The Presentation of Riju Khatri

The guest lecture from Riju was so fun. I didn't know what I was expecting walking into the class, but I came out extremely satisfied. She talked about the companies she has worked in and how she started open source and I found it all interesting. I loved how she open source was not something that was popular for her when she was studying, but she went out of her way to try out open source and even continued it while also working full-time. I think I came out of the class really impressed and genuinely intrigued by doing open source after this class and graduation. I never thought of doing open source for long periods of time, but seeing how it helped her improve as a developer and how it was a talking point in a lot of her interviews really showed me that being an open source contributor can open a lot of doors. I also was happy that her internship at Google supports her and the other employees to do personal projects and contribute. I think if I was to pursue open source further, I would want to be in a company like Google where they encourage their employees to be contributors to other projects other than their own.


### Group Progress

So, after our presentation I actually submitted my first [pull request](https://github.com/cagov/design-system/pull/826). Whoo! I essentially finished it by the presentation, but there was this one bug that I found really last minute so I couldn't create a pull request. I tagged the technical lead to go over my code and see if he has any questions, remarks, or changes that I can make to the code to make it eligible to be merged. I am really happy with the work I did because although it took a long time, it was a lot of work and the tech lead made it seem like this was a big change. So hopefully I helped them in a substantial way. Other than that I am looking at other MINOR issues. Keep myself busy until the end of class and I think this might be a project where I will continue to contribute to because there are things I would like to learn more about. 