---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

The first thought I hear when I hear the phrase "open source," is shared code. A project that is open to everyone to contribute. I have never worked on open source, but it is exciting to think that I can open a project that has been worked by several people and try to contribute. Like every choice, there are some advantages with having an open source project and not having it open. If this project's purpose was to be shared and distributed, it makes a lot of sense to make it open sourced. You give everyone a chance to contribute. If the project's purpose was to be owned and not distributed, it should be closed sourced to not have unknown people potentially steal your code. That is one of the problems with having an open source project. Another popular problem is that it can become very unstructured to work with so many other people.

I registered for this class to be able to learn more about open source software development and work on open sourced projects. I thought this class looked very interesting because it was a topic that wasn't too academical (if that makes sense).

The first open sourced project that I regularly use is Visual Studio Code. I am currently using it right now. I like how simple the IDE is compared to others and it looks visually pleasing which I appreciate a lot. Another one is Java. It is my main language and the first one I have used. It is reliable and I am extremely comfortable using it. The next is React Native. I have used it a couple times in other projects and some classes. It was hard to grasp at first, but I got comfortable with it in my class and I would like to use it more for other projects. The last is the python library 'pandas.' I have used it for data science last year and it made complicated topics easier to understand and use.
