---
layout: post
title: Week 5:Project Evaluation and Videos
---

My project was on Eclipse and it was definitely interesting seeing how to contribute to the open source project. First impressions were that they seemed to have everything detailed to contribute. That was nice because for beginners it might be hard to navigate. Then as I searched more up I saw how confusing it actually was. There were so many open projects that I wasn't sure which one was the main IDE people used. That was annoying to navigate and when I finally found the main open-source project we wanted, it was not through github but through another hosting site. I had so much trouble navigating through that site because it wasn't as clear as git hub. Overall, I don't think this open-source is beginner friendly. It feels like you need another course to navigating through this project even if you are advanced. Nonetheless, it was interesting to go through.

I liked the videos of "Cracking the Textbook" and "Farming for the Future" because both videos show the extent of how wide open source reaches different areas. "Cracking the Textbook" talks about how they have used open-source to provide free textbooks to the general public and it goes beyond that to making the information/material interactive which can help students learn. That is a big issue in higher education as books are so expensive and on top of that you have the tuition and cost of living for a college student. "Farming the Future" was so interesting because of how even in the manual work of farming, open-source provides farmers with the technology to improve their own business and it has grown further to teaching the future generation of farmers or people who will keep that industry alive.