---
layout: post
title: Week 2:Code of Conduct Activities
---

The benefits of having a Code of Conduct document for a project are plenty. At its very least, it gives a detailed and important outline to what the creators/founders were hoping to create and how members within their created environment should act. It goes over what each member should behave like and how if problems were to arise, like they commonly do, how it should be addressed. Every project should have a document like this because it sets rules for everyone.

The differences between the Go Project and the Contributor Covenant is that the Go Project is more detailed to how a member of that community should behave and the Contributor Covenant goes straight to contacting the project team in case of conflict. The Go Project discusses handling the conflict in a professional manner with the other person first. The Eclipse Code of Conduct (https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php) is also different to the Go Project in that the Go Project is more detailed again with how the behavior of a community member should be. It also doesnt have an about section, but rather their pledge.

I would argue that the Code of Conduct document for the Sugar Labs project is more similar to the Go Project. It is not only detailed with how a community member should act, but it also recommends in case of a conflict with another member, to resolve it professionally amongst themselves rather than having it resolved through a third party. That would be their last resort for both Go Project and Sugar Labs.

My open source project is React Native and its code of conduct (https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) has a similar basic structure to Sugar Labs. The code of conduct has a pledge and basic standards for the members, similar to Eclipse. It also has its conflict resolution be handled by the project team and has no writing on how the conflict could be settled amongst the members. It is very similar to Eclipse rather than Go Project and Sugar Labs.
