---
layout: post
title: Week 7:A reflection on The Cathedral and the Bazaar, Open Source in Global Affairs, and my Open Source Project
---

## Reflection on The Cathedral and the Bazaar and Class Discussion

After reading the essay of The Cathedral and the Bazaar and following that having a class discussion on that matters, a few points stood out. It was interesting reading about the two different software development models: the Cathedral and the Bazaar. They both have their own advantages, but Raymond seemed to believe the Bazaar model was better. I understood his opinion because it could satisfy the needs of the public better. Another key point was that you should not get too attached to your own project. I believe Lev told an anecdote of his that when he was creating a Discord bot, he was hardcoding a lot of words to phish out links. Someone suggested to him to use regex, but because he put countless hours into hardcoding he was very hesitant. When he finally gave in he saw how much more useful regex was and how easy it was. 


## Open Source in Global Affairs

The influence open source can have on global affairs is massive. Open source software development is open to anyone who has access to the internet. In relation to global affairs, open source can assist anyone with motivation and a passion. It is also used to get closer to a solution in any problem around the global, i.e., Agriculture, health, education, poverty, hunger. 


## My Project Selection

I currently am in the mix of selecting a project that I am interested in, but there are a couple in play that match my skill level and I have mutual interest in contributing. freeCodeCamp is definitely my favorite so far because I have used this website regularly when I learn new languages and when I began to code. I think it will be nice to finally give back to the community that has given me so much without knowing.

My goals currently are to strengthen my JavaScript skills, learn the best approaches when contributing to an open source project, and to gain more experience in receiving feedback on my code. 