---
layout: post
title: Week 10 - Progress from Group Project
---

We finally met with the techincal and design lead for the open source project we will contribute to. They were extremely nice and welcoming to us. They asked us a bunch of questions regarding this class and how they can help us which was incredibly kind for them to do. We introduced ourselves to them and told them what issues/topics we wanted to contribute to that matches our strengths and they showed us how we can go from there. Unlike my two partners who are doing full-time Project Manager roles after their senior year and wanted to do more design, I explained that I wanted to be challenged and try to strengthen my skills as a coder because I will be doing a full-time software engineering role after my senior year. I have experience with many languages and full-stack projects so a lot is familiar, but there are also parts in this open-source project that was unknown that I wanted to practice more. The meeting was very insightful and I felt more comfortable contributing to this project because I know if I come across a blocker I can approach them and they will be so helpful.

After the meeting, my project mates and I decided to figure out which issues we want to work on. I decided to work on a specific issue that the technical lead recommended for me which was figuring out how to open a menu component without Javascript in case there was an error on the client-side or if the user is using an older model of device which can not run the Javascript. I know where to start but the project is massive involving several layers of folders so navigating through that will be tough. That will definitely be challenge, but not a tough one.