---
layout: post
title: Week 13 - Group Presentations and Group Progress
---

### Group Presentations
Listening to all the group presentations made me realize how much we lucked out in our open source project. Each group opened up on some of the difficulties they have faced within the last few weeks. Whether it was about getting the environment set up because of how confusing it was or whether they can have a line with the open source community, it seems like every group had struggles. Fortunately, our group doesn't deal with it. The biggest difficulty (apart from the issues) was when we were trying to set up the environment locally, but that was solved within the first few days and it was our fault. We have an open line of communication to the community and they have been nothing but welcoming. They went above and beyond to ask what they can do to help us with this class. We genuinely have a good relationship with them and even when I had questions, they were so helpful and encouraging even when I felt that I messed something up. I am glad that a lot of the groups are doing well, but I was surprised by a lot of the hardships some groups faced. I also learned a lot about the projects from other groups and they seemed really cool. I could definitely see myself contributing to a couple of their projects.

### Group Progress
So my issue is almost complete. The person who created the issue updated the acceptance criteria after I reached out again about the progress I made and the issues I came across. The reason why it was updated was because I had to completely re-structure the HTML file and I also removed a lot of content that was either never used or they wanted out. The desktop view is done. You can access the links of the menu without Javascript. The mobile view is almost done. They want the menu to be completely hidden and when you click a button it opens up a mobile menu page. I had to change the code for the mobile view more than I had to for the desktop view. The reason was because the button tag (which I had to change to an input tag because buttons are kinda useless without javascript) was completely separated from the menu code where without javascript, there was no way to connect a functionality from the button tag to the opening of the menu. I created a hamburger type of menu icon that will open the menu by a click but I don't know why its not opening. I haven't been able to get that done because of my other classes unfortunately.